ticdc: refine the ticdc changefeed configuration file. (#13412)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

This section introduces the configuration of a replication task.

```toml

> # The memory limit the changefeed can used in the caputre server by the sink 
> # manager. If exceed, the overused part will be recycled by the go 
> # runtime prioritily. The default value is 1GB 

Reviewer: by the go runtime priority 这句话看不太懂，需要优化下。@charleszheng44
```suggestion
# Specifies the memory quota in bytes. It can be used in the caputre server by the sink manager.
# If the value is exceeded, the overused part will be recycled by the go runtime priority.
# The default value is `1073741824` (1 GB). 
```

Author: rephrased

> # memory-quota = 67108864 # 64MB 

Author: fixed

# Specifies whether to enable the Syncpoint feature, which is supported since v6.3.0 and is disabled by default.
# Since v6.4.0, only the changefeed with the SYSTEM_VARIABLES_ADMIN or SUPER privilege can use the TiCDC Syncpoint feature.

> # Note: ignore this field when the downstream type is not TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is Kafka or a storage service.
```

# enable-sync-point = false

# Specifies the interval at which Syncpoint aligns the upstream and downstream snapshots.
# The format is in h m s. For example, "1h30m30s".
# The default value is "10m" and the minimum value is "30s".

> # Note: ignore this field when the downstream type is not TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is Kafka or a storage service.
```

# sync-point-interval = "5m"

# Specifies how long the data is retained by Syncpoint in the downstream table. When this duration is exceeded, the data is cleaned up.
# The format is in h m s. For example, "24h30m30s".
# The default value is "24h".

> # Note: ignore this field when the downstream type is not TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is Kafka or a storage service.
```

# Specifies whether to enable the Syncpoint feature, which is supported since v6.3.0 and is disabled by default.
# Since v6.4.0, only the changefeed with the SYSTEM_VARIABLES_ADMIN or SUPER privilege can use the TiCDC Syncpoint feature.

> # NOTE: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the DB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# NOTE: ignore this field when the downstream type is not TiDB.
```

Author: fixed

# enable-sync-point = false

> # bdr-mode = true

Reviewer: 这个参数需要加个解释吗？

Author: 这个不小新加了。这个字段默认不想让用户去配置，删掉了。

Author: removed

# Specifies the interval at which Syncpoint aligns the upstream and downstream snapshots.
# The format is in h m s. For example, "1h30m30s".
# The default value is "10m" and the minimum value is "30s".

> # NOTE: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the DB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# NOTE: ignore this field when the downstream type is not TiDB.
```

Author: fixed

# sync-point-interval = "5m"

# Specifies how long the data is retained by Syncpoint in the downstream table. When this duration is exceeded, the data is cleaned up.
# The format is in h m s. For example, "24h30m30s".
# The default value is "24h".

> # NOTE: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the DB.

Author: fixed

# Filter syntax: <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/table-filter#syntax>.
rules = ['*.*', '!test.*']

# Specifies the transaction that will be ignored with the specified start_ts.
# The default value is an empty list.

> # IgnoreTxnStartTs = [1683225923]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# IgnoreTxnStartTs = []
```

# Filter syntax: <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/table-filter#syntax>.
rules = ['*.*', '!test.*']

> # Specifies the transaction that will be ignored with specified start_ts.

Author: added

# Note: This parameter only takes effect on Kafka changefeeds and is not supported on MySQL changefeeds.
# The value is "false" by default. Set it to "true" to enable this feature.
enable-table-across-nodes = false
# Split the table with the number of regions larger than the given value into multiple sub-tasks and replicate them concurrently
region-threshold = 100000
# Split the table with the write key larger than the given value into multiple sub-tasks and replicate them concurrently
# The default value is 0.

> # write-key-threshold = 10000

Author: yes

# Note: This parameter only takes effect on Kafka changefeeds and is not supported on MySQL changefeeds.
# The value is "false" by default. Set it to "true" to enable this feature.
enable-table-across-nodes = false

> # Split table with region larger than the given value into multiple sub-tasks and sync concurrently

Author: fixed

region-threshold = 100000

> # Split table with written key larger than the given value into multiple sub-tasks and sync concurrently

Author: fixed

# write-key-threshold = 10000

[sink]

> # For the sink of MQ type, you can use  dispatchers to configure the event dispatcher.

Author: fixed

# Since v6.1.0, TiDB supports two types of event dispatchers: partition and topic. For more information, see <partition and topic link>.
# The matching syntax of matcher is the same as the filter rule syntax. For details about the matcher rules, see <>.

> # NOTE: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the MQ.  

Author: fixed

terminator = ''
# Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `none` is the default value and means that the date is not separated. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>. Note: ignore this field when replicating data to the downstream other than a storage service.
date-separator = 'none'
# Whether to use partitions as the separation string. The default value is true, which means that partitions in a table are stored in separate directories. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>. Note: ignore this field when replicating data to the downstream other than a storage service.
enable-partition-separator = true

# Schema registry URL. Note: ignore this field if you replicate data to the downstream types other than MQ. 
# schema-registry = "http://localhost:80801/subjects/{subject-name}/versions/{version-number}/schema"

> # Specifies the number of encoder threads used when encoding data.

Reviewer: 需要加上默认值和取值范围

Author: added

# Note: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the MQ.
# encoder-concurrency = 16

> # Specifies whether to enable kafka-sink-v2 that uses the kafka-go sink library.

Reviewer: 加上默认值。

Author: added

date-separator = 'none'
# Whether to use partitions as the separation string. The default value is true, which means that partitions in a table are stored in separate directories. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>. NOTE: ignore this field when replicating data to the downstream with type other than Storage.
enable-partition-separator = true

# Schema registry url. NOTE: ignore this field if you replicate data to the downstream types other than MQ. 
# schema-registry = "http://localhost:80801/subjects/{subject-name}/versions/{version-number}/schema"

# Indicates number of encoder thread used when encoding data.
# NOTE: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the MQ.
# encoder-concurrency = 16

# Indicates if enabling kafka-sink-v2 which uses kafka-go sink library.
# NOTE: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the MQ.
# enable-kafka-sink-v2 = false

# If set only output the updated column.

> # NOTE: this field only apply to the MQ downstream using the open-protocol.

Reviewer 2: This may not correct after this PR: https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/commit/25b91204953bef5cb065d4421ba675bb1b9648c8

Author: Didn't notice we have this PR under going

Author: fixed

# The protocol configuration item specifies the protocol format of the messages sent to the downstream.
# When the downstream is Kafka, the protocol can only be canal-json or avro.
# When the downstream is a storage service, the protocol can only be canal-json or csv.

> # Note: ignore this field when the downstream type is the DB.

Reviewer: Does “DB” mean “TiDB”？

Author: DB means MySQL compatible database, it is an internal data type

Author: have changed to Database

> # Note: ignore this field when the downstream is the Database.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Note: ignore this field when the downstream is a database.
```

protocol = "canal-json"

# The following three configuration items are only used when you replicate data to storage sinks and can be ignored when replicating data to MQ or MySQL sinks.
# Row terminator, used for separating two data change events. The default value is an empty string, which means "\r\n" is used.
terminator = ''

> # Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `none` is the default value and means that the date is not separated. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>. Note: ignore this field when replicating data to the downstream other than Storage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `none` is the default value and means that the date is not separated. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>. Note: ignore this field when replicating data to the downstream other than a storage service.
```

Reviewer 3: if it is not a parameter name, can we use a general way to mention it? 
"storage service" is usually used in CDC docs, such as [Replicate Data to Storage Services | PingCAP Docs](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage).

date-separator = 'none'

> # Whether to use partitions as the separation string. The default value is true, which means that partitions in a table are stored in separate directories. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>. Note: ignore this field when replicating data to the downstream with type other than Storage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Whether to use partitions as the separation string. The default value is true, which means that partitions in a table are stored in separate directories. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>. Note: ignore this field when replicating data to the downstream other than a storage service.
```

enable-partition-separator = true

> # Schema registry url. Note: ignore this field if you replicate data to the downstream types other than MQ. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Schema registry URL. Note: ignore this field if you replicate data to the downstream types other than MQ. 
```

Author: fixed

# schema-registry = "http://localhost:80801/subjects/{subject-name}/versions/{version-number}/schema"

> # Indicates number of encoder thread used when encoding data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specifies the number of encoder threads used when encoding data.
```

Author: fixed

# Note: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the MQ.
# encoder-concurrency = 16

> # Indicates if enabling kafka-sink-v2 which uses kafka-go sink library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specifies whether to enable kafka-sink-v2 that uses the kafka-go sink library.
```

Author: fixed

# Note: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the MQ.
# enable-kafka-sink-v2 = false

> # If set only output the updated column.
> # Note: this field only apply to the MQ downstream using the open-protocol and canal-json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specifies whether to only output the updated columns.
# Note: this field only applies to the MQ downstream using the open-protocol and canal-json.
```

Author: fixed

# The protocol configuration item specifies the protocol format of the messages sent to the downstream.
# When the downstream is Kafka, the protocol can only be canal-json or avro.
# When the downstream is a storage service, the protocol can only be canal-json or csv.

> # Note: ignore this field when the downstream type is the Database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is Kafka or a storage service.
```

protocol = "canal-json"

# The following three configuration items are only used when you replicate data to storage sinks and can be ignored when replicating data to MQ or MySQL sinks.
# Row terminator, used for separating two data change events. The default value is an empty string, which means "\r\n" is used.
terminator = ''

> # Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `none` is the default value and means that the date is not separated. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>. Note: ignore this field when replicating data to the downstream other than a storage service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `none` is the default value and means that the date is not separated. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>. 
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is a storage service.
```

date-separator = 'none'

> # Whether to use partitions as the separation string. The default value is true, which means that partitions in a table are stored in separate directories. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>. Note: ignore this field when replicating data to the downstream other than a storage service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Whether to use partitions as the separation string. The default value is true, which means that partitions in a table are stored in separate directories. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>. 
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is a storage service.
```

enable-partition-separator = true

# Schema registry URL. Note: ignore this field if you replicate data to the downstream types other than MQ. 
# schema-registry = "http://localhost:80801/subjects/{subject-name}/versions/{version-number}/schema"

# Specifies the number of encoder threads used when encoding data.
# Note: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the MQ.
# The default value is 16.
# encoder-concurrency = 16

# Specifies whether to enable kafka-sink-v2 that uses the kafka-go sink library.
# Note: ignore this field when the downstream type is not the MQ.
# The default value is false.
# enable-kafka-sink-v2 = false

# Specifies whether to only output the updated columns.

> # Note: this field only applies to the MQ downstream using the open-protocol and canal-json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note: This field only applies to the MQ downstream using the open-protocol and canal-json.
```

# Row terminator, used for separating two data change events. The default value is an empty string, which means "\r\n" is used.
terminator = ''
# Date separator type used in the file directory. Value options are `none`, `year`, `month`, and `day`. `none` is the default value and means that the date is not separated. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records>. 
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is a storage service.
date-separator = 'none'
# Whether to use partitions as the separation string. The default value is true, which means that partitions in a table are stored in separate directories. It is recommended that you keep the value as `true` to avoid potential data loss in downstream partitioned tables <https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8724>. For usage examples, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage#data-change-records)>. 
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is a storage service.
enable-partition-separator = true

> # Schema registry URL. Note: ignore this field if you replicate data to the downstream types other than MQ. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Schema registry URL. 
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is MQ. 
```

null = '\N'
# Whether to include commit-ts in CSV rows. The default value is false.
include-commit-ts = false

# Specifies the replication consistency configurations for a changefeed when using the redo log. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-mysql#eventually-consistent-replication-in-disaster-scenarios. Note: Ignore the following configurations if downstream is MQ or Storage.
[sink.consistent]

> # The data consistency level. Available options are `none` and `eventual`. `none` means that the redo log is disabled.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# The data consistency level. Available options are "none" and "eventual". "none" means that the redo log is disabled.  
```

# The default value is "none".
level = "none"
# The max redo log size in megabytes.
# The default value is 64.  
max-log-size = 64
# The flush interval for redo log. The default value is 2000 milliseconds.
flush-interval = 2000 
# The storage URI of the redo log.
# The default value is empty.
storage = "" 
# Specifies whether to store the redo log in a file.
# The default value is false.
use-file-backend = false

# Specifies whether to perform the data integrity check. Note: ignore the following configurations if the downstream is a database or storage service.
[sink.integrity]

> # The integrity level. Available options are `none` and `correctness`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# The integrity level. Available options are "none" and "correctness". 
```

null = '\N'
# Whether to include commit-ts in CSV rows. The default value is false.
include-commit-ts = false

# Represents the replication consistency config for a changefeed when using the redo log, for more information, please refer to https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-mysql#eventually-consistent-replication-in-disaster-scenarios. NOTE: Ignore the following configurations if downstream is MQ or Storage.
[sink.consistent]
# The data consistency level, available options are `none` and `eventual`, none means the redo log is disabled.  
level = "none"
# The max redo log size in megabytes.
max-log-size = 64
# The flush interval for redo log. Default value is 2000 milliseconds.
flush-interval = 2000 

> # The storage uri to the redo log.

Author: fixed

storage = "" 

> # Indicates if store the redo log in memory or the file.

Author: fixed

use-file-backend = false

> # Specify the data integrity check. NOTE: Ignore the following configurations if downstream is DB or Storage.

Author: fixed

[sink.integrity]

> # The integrity level, available options are `none` and `correctness`, none 
> # means no integrity check, correctness means check the integrity of each row.

Reviewer: What is the default value?
```suggestion
# The integrity level. Available options are `none` and `correctness`. 
# `none` means no integrity check. `correctness` means to check the integrity of each row.
```

Author: fiexed

integrity-check-level = "none"
# Define what happen when detect data corruption, available options are `warn` 
# and `error`, warn means log, mark the corrupted event and send it to the 

> # downstream, error means log the corrupted event and stopped the changefeed.  

Author: fiexed

null = '\N'
# Whether to include commit-ts in CSV rows. The default value is false.
include-commit-ts = false

> # Represents the replication consistency config for a changefeed when using the redo log, for more information, please refer to https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-mysql#eventually-consistent-replication-in-disaster-scenarios. Note: Ignore the following configurations if downstream is MQ or Storage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Specifies the replication consistency configurations for a changefeed when using the redo log. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-mysql#eventually-consistent-replication-in-disaster-scenarios. Note: Ignore the following configurations if downstream is MQ or Storage.
```

[sink.consistent]
# The data consistency level, available options are `none` and `eventual`, none means the redo log is disabled.  

> # The default value is none.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# The default value is "none".
```

level = "none"
# The max redo log size in megabytes.

> # The default value is 64  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# The default value is 64.  
```

max-log-size = 64
# The flush interval for redo log. Default value is 2000 milliseconds.
flush-interval = 2000 
# The storage URI of the redo log.

> # The default value is empty

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# The default value is empty.
```

storage = "" 
# Specifies whether to store the redo log in a file.

> # The default value is false

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# The default value is false.
```

use-file-backend = false

> # Specifies the data integrity check. Note: ignore the following configurations if the downstream is Database or Storage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Specifies whether to perform the data integrity check. Note: ignore the following configurations if the downstream is a database or storage service.
```

[sink.integrity]
# The integrity level. Available options are `none` and `correctness`. 

> # `none` means no integrity check. `correctness` means to check the integrity of each row.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# "none" means no integrity check. "correctness" means to check the integrity of each row.
```

> # The default value is none

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# The default value is none.
```

integrity-check-level = "none"

> # Define what happens when detecting data corruption. Available options are `warn` and `error`, 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Define what happens when detecting data corruption. Available options are "warn" and "error".
```

> # warn means to log and mark the corrupted event and send it to the downstream.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# "warn" means to log and mark the corrupted event and send it to the downstream.
```

> # warn means to log and mark the corrupted event and send it to the downstream.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# "warn" means to log and mark the corrupted event and send it to the downstream.
```

> # error means to log the corrupted event and stop the changefeed.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# "error" means to log the corrupted event and stop the changefeed.  
```

> # The default value is warn

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# The default value is "error".
```

null = '\N'
# Whether to include commit-ts in CSV rows. The default value is false.
include-commit-ts = false

# Represents the replication consistency config for a changefeed when using the redo log, for more information, please refer to https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-mysql#eventually-consistent-replication-in-disaster-scenarios. Note: Ignore the following configurations if downstream is MQ or Storage.
[sink.consistent]
# The data consistency level, available options are `none` and `eventual`, none means the redo log is disabled.  
# The default value is none.
level = "none"
# The max redo log size in megabytes.
# The default value is 64  
max-log-size = 64
# The flush interval for redo log. Default value is 2000 milliseconds.

> # The default value is 2000 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: removed

flush-interval = 2000 
# The storage URI of the redo log.
# The default value is empty
storage = "" 
# Specifies whether to store the redo log in a file.
# The default value is false
use-file-backend = false

> # Specifies the data integrity check. Note: ignore the following configurations if the downstream type is DB or Storage.

Reviewer: Does “DB” mean “TiDB”？

Author: No. DB means MySQL compatible database, it is an internal data type.

Author: Has changed to Database

null = '\N'
# Whether to include commit-ts in CSV rows. The default value is false.
include-commit-ts = false

> # Specifies the replication consistency configurations for a changefeed when using the redo log. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-mysql#eventually-consistent-replication-in-disaster-scenarios. Note: Ignore the following configurations if downstream is MQ or Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specifies the replication consistency configurations for a changefeed when using the redo log. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-mysql#eventually-consistent-replication-in-disaster-scenarios. 
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is MQ or a storage service.
```

[sink.consistent]
# The data consistency level. Available options are "none" and "eventual". "none" means that the redo log is disabled.  
# The default value is "none".
level = "none"

> # The max redo log size in megabytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The max redo log size in MB.
```

# The default value is 64.  
max-log-size = 64
# The flush interval for redo log. The default value is 2000 milliseconds.
flush-interval = 2000 
# The storage URI of the redo log.
# The default value is empty.
storage = "" 
# Specifies whether to store the redo log in a file.
# The default value is false.
use-file-backend = false

> # Specifies the data integrity check. Note: ignore the following configurations if the downstream type is a database or a storage service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specifies the data integrity check. 
# Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is MQ.
```

> # Specifies the data integrity check. Note: ignore the following configurations if the downstream type is Database or Storage Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specifies the data integrity check. Note: ignore the following configurations if the downstream type is a database or a storage service.
```

null = '\N'
# Whether to include commit-ts in CSV rows. The default value is false.
include-commit-ts = false

# Specifies the replication consistency configurations for a changefeed when using the redo log. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-sink-to-mysql#eventually-consistent-replication-in-disaster-scenarios. 
# Note: The consistency-related fields only take effect when the downstream is a database and the redo log feature is enabled.
[sink.consistent]
# The data consistency level. Available options are "none" and "eventual". "none" means that the redo log is disabled.  
# The default value is "none".
level = "none"
# The max redo log size in MB.
# The default value is 64.  
max-log-size = 64
# The flush interval for redo log. The default value is 2000 milliseconds.
flush-interval = 2000 
# The storage URI of the redo log.
# The default value is empty.
storage = "" 
# Specifies whether to store the redo log in a file.
# The default value is false.
use-file-backend = false

# Specifies the data integrity check. 

> # Note: This field only takes effect if the downstream is MQ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note: These fields only take effect if the downstream is MQ.
```

> # Specifies the data integrity check. 
> # Note: These parameters only take effect if the downstream is MQ.
> [sink.integrity]
> # The integrity level. Available options are "none" and "correctness". 
> # "none" means no integrity check. "correctness" means to check the integrity of each row.
> # The default value is "none".
> integrity-check-level = "none"
> # Define what happens when detecting data corruption. Available options are "warn" and "error".
> # "warn" means to log and mark the corrupted event and send it to the downstream.
> # "error" means to log the corrupted event and stop the changefeed.  
> # The default value is "warn".
> corruption-handle-level = "warn"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
